Hello everyone and welcome to the solution for probability question number nine.
And for this question Alice has two kids and one of them was a girl.
What's the probability that the other child is also a girl and you can assume that there's an equal
number of males and females in the world.
Basically you can just interpret that to mean that the odds of having a girl are 0.5 Sam is the odds
of having a boy.
So if a person has two children the possibilities of the children are when it goes to first born and
second born it's boy boy girl girl boy girl.
Or girl boy.
However you know there's already at least one girl.
So then the options that you have are boy girl girl boy or girl girl.
Meaning that if you know Alice already has a daughter then you have a one third chance that she has
another daughter of girl girl so kind of a simple solution here.
But you had to figure out that trick that there's four possibilities but then you narrow one down because
boy boy cannot occur because you know Alice already has a daughter.
Meaning the fact that she has a one third chance of having another daughter because the likelihood is
two thirds that she had another boy.
OK thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.